1. Can we call main method in another method ?
Ans:  Yes, We can. But after run it will go infinity loop and 

2. public static void main(String[] args)

public: So that JVM can execute the method from anywhere.

static: Main method is to be called without object. The modifiers public and static can be written in either order.

void: The main method doesn't return anything.

main(): Name configured in the JVM.

String[]: The main method accepts a single argument, an array of elements of type String.
          
          
3. Heap Memory: Objects  are stored.

4. Stack Memory: Methods and Variables are store. [RAM of Computer]      

5. JVM does not create object of main method.

6. We can not create of Abstract Class. 

7. Compiler in Java convert Human written code to byte code.

8. In programming languages, identifiers are used for identification purposes. 
   In Java, an identifier can be a class name, method name, variable name, or label.
   
9. Primitive Data Type: such as boolean, char, int, short, byte, long, float, and double.

10. Non-Primitive Data Type or Object Data type: such as String, Array, etc.

11. enum in java ?

12. If we call a static method by the help of object but it take more space unnecessary. Which is not recommended.

13. Variables:
   i) Local variables: A variable defined within a block or method or constructor is called a local variable
   ii) Instance variables:Are non-static variables and are declared in a class outside any method.[Call by help of method.]
   iii) Static variables: Are also known as Class variables.[Call directly]
   
14. A final variable in Java can be assigned a value only once.

15. Scanner Class: 
   Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in);
   String name = sc.nextLine();
   char gender = sc.next().charAt(0); [Character input]
   int age = sc.nextInt();
   long mobileNo = sc.nextLong();
   double cgpa = sc.nextDouble();
   
16. Abstract : It is a non-access modifier applicable for classes and methods.It is used to achieve abstraction. For more, refer abstract keyword in java
    enum : It is used to define enum in Java
    instanceof : It is used to know whether the object is an instance of the specified type (class or subclass or interface).
    private : It is an access modifier.Anything declared private cannot be seen outside of its class.
    protected : If you want to allow an element to be seen outside your current package, but only to classes that subclass your class directly, then declare that element protected.
    public : Anything declared public can be accessed from anywhere.

 For more on Access Modifiers, refer Access Modifiers in Java
   static :It is used to create a member(block,method,variable,nested classe) that can be used by itself,
           without reference to a specific instance. For more, refer static keyword in java
   strictfp : It is used for restricting floating-point calculations and ensuring same result on every platform while performing operations in the floating-point variable.For more refer strictfp keyword in java
   synchronized : Applicable for blocks,methods.It is used to get synchronization in java. For more, refer Synchronized in Java
   transient : transient is a variables modifier used in serialization. At the time of serialization, if we don’t want to save value of a particular variable in a file, then we use transient keyword.For more refer transient keyword in Java
   volatile : The volatile modifier tells the compiler that the variable modified by volatile can be changed unexpectedly by other parts of your program. For more, refer volatile keyword in java
 
17. 












